I've been away from television for 17
years I am extremely shy painfully shy
I'm real excited about this so many
things have changed in pop culture since
I left the air you know when I pooper
Smith this time it'll be willow and I
can't wait then when I book a thick this
time it won't be Ali it won't be Gloria
Lauren it'll be their baby a boy Robin
because you know the first time I did
this show they didn't have this first
time I just show if something like this
was around it was stolen from NASA but
now they have this Arsenio Hall is
coming back to late night television
2013 fall and I can't wait
today we're shooting let's call it a
commercial and it's the first time
America will see anything on television
about the show this is not the camera
was shooting with this is my Campbell
from Home Instead of a commercial where
I do something like say I'm back and
everybody they've come up with a real
unique creative angle that actually I
looked at dailies and it scared I looked
at the dailies and I frightened my self
concept of the spot is is to be a movie
trailer for a movie that doesn't exist
so we've been setting up pieces of what
might be a movie and trying to tell it
in a linear story way also to get the
audience to be interested what's really
cool about this is we're actually
shooting all of the good parts of an
entire movie only the stuff that really
makes you jump out of your seat and
makes you go wow look at that that's
what we're doing the message of this
spot is pretty simple our cinema hall is
back in late night where you want them
to be doing the show you want him to be
doing
on September 9th 2013 and you can save
the date right now some say he's only a
legend some say he never existed at all
but others swear that when night grips
the city if you close your eyes and
listen really listen you can still hear
the pulse pounding there is a and
spine-chilling sounds of no wolf man not
the wolf man the wolf man our CEO is
back and he's bringing the party